What if I told you that you can have your
cake and eat it too?
What if I told you that you can build a
small PC?
That is powerful, but also quiet?
This is the answer.
The damn case a4, H2O, which I firmly
believe is the best case for most people.
As the name implies, this case is heavily
focused on water cooling, giving you a
dedicated space for a radiator and fans at
the top.
It has the sharp, minimalist design with no
branding other than a tasteful plaque on the
back, no logos or lights, no glass side
panels or excessive plastic.
Just a nice metal box.
I love the circular cutouts on the panels
and the two large rubber feet, which most
importantly, don't mark your desk.
The internal structure is steel, meaning
that it doesn't flex easily, and the panels
are aluminium, which helps keep the overall
weight down.
At only 11l, it's smaller than most cases
out there, whilst not being so small that you
need to start making serious compromises
with your component choices.
It supports three slot graphics cards up to
322mm long, so even 4090 should be fine, and
you even get a cutout at the front of the
case to feed it through for easy
installation, which is a very thoughtful
touch.
When choosing a water cooler.
For this case, don't just pick the one that
looks the best.
If the tubes are too long, you're going to
have a very hard time fitting it in.
I'm using an EC basic AIO 240 mil, which has
a tube length of 350mm and that fits quite
snugly, so make sure to check your tube
length before you buy.
Make sure you also pick up two fan grilles,
otherwise your hoses will stick inside your
fan blades, preventing them from spinning.
It supports both SFX and sfx l power
supplies, but I really recommend sticking
with the standard SFX so you have more room
for your cables.
You may even wish to invest in custom cables
if the cables that came with your power
supply, like mine with this EVGA unit,
aren't very flexible, which can make things a
whole lot more challenging.
If you haven't bought your power supply yet,
consider the Corsair SFF 750.
As the cables it comes with are braided and
flexible, and that'll save you some headache.
The case officially supports a 2.5in drive
mounted on the removable bottom tray, but
with all the cables, this is going to get
crowded very fast.
Just stick to an NVMe drive as there are no
intake fans on the motherboard side of your
case, your NVMe will likely get very hot, so
get a heatsink if your motherboard doesn't
come with one built in.
Start with your water cooler and mount it to
the bracket.
Then drop it through the top of the case and
screw it down.
Remember to orient your fans as exhaust,
pulling air through the case and out the top.
Assemble your motherboard outside the case
and attach the motherboard side of your PSU
cables before screwing it down.
Attach your cables to your power supply,
then mount it inside the case with the fan
facing outward.
Install your motherboard headers and tidy up
those cables.
I personally found routing the CPU power
cable on the bottom and to the left of the I
o shield to be very helpful.
If you have any loose cabling, you can try
utilizing empty space like behind the fans or
above the power supply.
Finally install your graphics card.
Watch out for the small clip.
I've seen a few instances online where
people have broken theirs off.
You should be left with a very dense but
clean looking system.
The only thing I don't really like about
this case is this power cable that sits above
the graphics card.
I would have loved to have seen a hidden
channel inside the radiator compartment to
keep that hidden, but it's not a big deal.
Links in the description.
If you want to pick any of these up,
subscribe for more and I'll see you in the
next one.